Our aim is to attract the best possible students regardless of financial
circumstances. If you are admitted, our priority is to work with you
and your family to make it possible for you to attend. NYU
Abu Dhabi's Office of Financial Support will tailor the University's generous financial
assistance programs to your individual needs. Financial support will ensure that the
cost of attendance does not require you or your family to take
on debt to support the cost of your education at NYU Abu
Dhabi. Your family's finances should not affect your decision to select NYU
Abu Dhabi, even if you are considering low- or no-cost public education
alternatives or are the recipient of generous financial assistance from another institution.
In addition, financial support from NYU Abu Dhabi will apply not only
to the cost of attendance, but also to many activities and opportunities
available to NYU Abu Dhabi students.